docs: Update drift table (#4378)
aws/karpenter: website/content/en/preview/concepts/deprovisioning.md

### Dynamic Fields
Dynamic Fields can correspond to multiple values and must be handled differently. Dynamic fields can create cases where drift occurs without changes to CRDs, or where CRD changes do not result in drift. For example, if a machine has `node.kubernetes.io/instance-type: m5.large`, and requirements change from `node.kubernetes.io/instance-type In [m5.large]` to `node.kubernetes.io/instance-type In [m5.large, m5.2xlarge]`, the machine will not be drifted because it's value is still compatible with the new requirements. Conversely, for an AWS Installation, if a machine is using a machine image `ami: ami-abc`, but a new image is published, Karpenter's `AWSNodeTemplate.amiSelector` will discover that the new correct value is `ami: ami-xyz`, and detect the machine as drifted.

### Behavioral Fields
Behavioral Fields are treated as over-arching settings on the Provisioner to dictate how Karpenter behaves. These fields don’t correspond to settings on the machine or instance. They’re set by the user to control Karpenter’s Provisioning and Deprovisioning logic. Since these don’t map to a desired state of machines, __behavioral fields are not considered for Drift__.

> Read the [Drift Design](https://github.com/aws/karpenter-core/pull/366/files) for more.

Reviewer: Not really something that is _directly_ related to this PR, but can this link point to the merged drift design now that it's in the repo?

```suggestion
Read the [Drift Design](https://github.com/aws/karpenter-core/blob/main/designs/drift.md) for more.
```

2. Dynamic Fields can correspond to multiple values and must be handled differently. Dynamic fields can create cases where drift occurs without changes to CRDs, or where CRD changes do not result in drift. For example, if a machine has `node.kubernetes.io/instance-type: m5.large`, and requirements change from `node.kubernetes.io/instance-type In [m5.large]` to `node.kubernetes.io/instance-type In [m5.large, m5.2xlarge]`, the machine will not be drifted because it's value is still compatible with the new requirements. Conversely, for an AWS Installation, if a machine is using a machine image `ami: ami-abc`, but a new image is published, Karpenter's `AWSNodeTemplate.amiSelector` will discover that the new correct value is `ami: ami-xyz`, and detect the machine as drifted.

> 3. Behavioral Fields are treated as over-arching settings on the Provisioner to dictate how Karpenter behaves. These fields don’t correspond to settings on the machine or instance. They’re set by the user to control Karpenter’s Provisioning and Deprovisioning logic. Since these don’t map to a desired state of machines, __behavioral Fields fields will not be considered for Drift__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Behavioral Fields are treated as over-arching settings on the Provisioner to dictate how Karpenter behaves. These fields don’t correspond to settings on the machine or instance. They’re set by the user to control Karpenter’s Provisioning and Deprovisioning logic. Since these don’t map to a desired state of machines, __behavioral Fields fields are not considered for Drift__.
```

> 3. Behavioral Fields are treated as over-arching settings on the Provisioner to dictate how Karpenter behaves. These fields don’t correspond to settings on the machine or instance. They’re set by the user to control Karpenter’s Provisioning and Deprovisioning logic. Since these don’t map to a desired state of machines, __behavioral Fields fields will not be considered for Drift__.

Reviewer: Have we thought about creating headers for each of these numerical points to make it easier to parse?

```
#### Behavioral Fields 

Behavioral Fields are treated as over-arching settings on the Provisio...
```
